Ms 44 membrane wav plugin caps format (#13)
membraneframework/membrane_wav_plugin: README.md

Parsing steps:

- Reading WAV header

> - Extracting audio metadata and sending it through pads to the next element

Reviewer: You're sending that through only one, output pad, so:
```suggestion
- Extracting audio metadata and sending it through a pad to the next element
```

Anyway, that's a nice evasive manoeuvre to avoid using either format or caps :+1:
